Database Project Team 7 Part 2 Contributions

We each worked on fixing on comments/suggestions given by Dr. Monge from Part 1. Some took on fixing more of the code than others.

Jean Dieb
    Fixed the transactions of the main application and created most of the methods used in main

John Quach
    Refactored Type class file into IngredientType and corrected necessary functions
    Fixed other small errors that were pointed out by Dr. Monge
    Worked with Jean, Kearne and Nikki to finish the remaining queries needed
    Worked together on the edit recipe function with Nikki and Kearne
Kearne Permalino
    Fixed errors that were given in the feedback from Dr. Monge
    Worked with John and Nikki to finish the remaining queries needed
    Fixed overall code and query stylings (capitalizations, etc.)
    Created and modified the project-queries.sql file
    Worked together on the edit recipe function with Nikki and John
Nikki Benitez
    Worked with John and Kearne to finish the remaining queries needed
    Worked together on the edit recipe function with John and Kearne


GitHub insights of contributions
Jean - commits were mainly addressing Dr. Monge’s feedback and building the menu and some of the queries.

John - Commits were from fixing code from the suggestions given by Dr. Monge. Made sure every change I made
did not cause any errors. Worked on the creation of the edit recipe functions as well as helped with some of
the creations of the queries that were required in the assignment.

Kearne - Most of the commits were fixes on the code from the suggestions given by Dr. Monge. The other
commits were during collaborations with the other teammates in updating the statements for the
queries in main, troubleshooting and fixing small errors in code like capitalizations.

Nikki - All commits were through collaboration with others through discord because of initial configuration
issues. Worked with others to create queries, troubleshoot issues and adding complexity to existing ones.

Because Jean did the majority of the work in this second part of the project, he deserves 40% of the points.
John should get 20%. Kearne should get 20%. Nikki should get 20%.
